# cashfree-dotnet-pg-sdk.Model.PaymentLinkOrderEntity
The complete order entity.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CfOrderId** | **string** | unique id generated by cashfree for your order. | [optional] 
**LinkId** | **string** | link id of the order. | [optional] 
**OrderId** | **string** | order_id sent during the api request. | [optional] 
**Entity** | **string** | Type of the entity. | [optional] 
**OrderCurrency** | **string** | Currency of the order. Example INR. | [optional] 
**OrderAmount** | **decimal** |  | [optional] 
**OrderStatus** | **string** | Possible values are  - &#x60;ACTIVE&#x60;: Order does not have a sucessful transaction yet - &#x60;PAID&#x60;: Order is PAID with one successful transaction - &#x60;EXPIRED&#x60;: Order was not PAID and not it has expired. No transaction can be initiated for an EXPIRED order.  | [optional] 
**PaymentSessionId** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**OrderExpiryTime** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**OrderNote** | **string** | Additional note for order. | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | **string** | When the order was created at cashfree&#39;s server. | [optional] 
**OrderSplits** | [**List&lt;VendorSplit&gt;**](VendorSplit.md) |  | [optional] 
**CustomerDetails** | [**PaymentLinkCustomerDetails**](PaymentLinkCustomerDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**OrderMeta** | [**OrderMeta**](OrderMeta.md) |  | [optional] 
**OrderTags** | **Dictionary&lt;string, string&gt;** | Custom Tags in the form of {\&quot;key\&quot;:\&quot;value\&quot;} which can be passed for an order. A maximum of 10 tags can be added. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

